Take the guesswork out of installing your new appliance
Take the guesswork out of installing your new appliance or building your new furniture by letting The Brick do it for you. We proudly offer professionally licensed installation and assembly services, at competitive prices, in many places across Canada.

TransGlobal Service first opened its doors in 1980, with 4 employees. Since then, we have grown to a staff of nearly 300, expanded out operations throughout Canada and have a large network of technicians and installers across the country. We have continually strived to grow and improve to become Canada’s largest appliance service and Installation Company.

Installation and Assembly
Let our licensed professionals complete your installation and assembly to save your valuable spare time in today's busy world. We will call to schedule a time convenient for you, come to your home and complete the professional installation or assembly, and we can even look after the environmental disposal of your old appliances too.

From kitchen renovations, to a basic appliance install, or just helping understand how your new home theatre works, we can help.

Transglobal Service offers a variety of Installation and Assembly Services to help with your new appliance, electronics or furniture purchases. From basic services to full appliance we can do it all. Living room, Dining room, bedroom assemblies, electronics and home theatre set ups, Electric and gas appliance installations, Dishwasher, and running that waterline to your new fridge.

Transglobal Service will assemble your furniture. We assemble all kinds of furniture in your home. Backed by a 1 year warranty against workmanship on your assembly, we have you covered.

Service and Repairs
Transglobal Service Appliance technicians have been repairing appliances in Canada for over 40 years. With Factory training and a professional approach combined with years of experience, we can diagnose and troubleshoot your appliance problems to fix them right the first time. We carry only factory approved appliances so many repairs can be done with only one visit.

We are manufacturer approved, licensed and factory trained, so there is no need to be concerned about your repair. We offer a 90 day warranty on all repairs, emergency service and a dedicated toll free phone number so you never pay long distance to call us from anywhere in Canada.

When you are unsure of who to trust with your appliances, call Transglobal Service and put your mind at ease, knowing that we have you covered.

